docs: clarify ownership and times for security reporting (#15)
expressjs/.github: SECURITY.md

of the report is contained within the email body and not solely behind a web
link or an attachment.

A [Security triage team member](https://github.com/expressjs/security-wg#security-triage-team) 
or [the repo captain](https://github.com/expressjs/express/blob/master/Contributing.md#active-projects-and-captains) 
will acknowledge your email as soon as possible. 
These timelines may extend when our triage 
volunteers are away on holiday, particularly at the end of the year.

After the initial reply to your report, the security team will
endeavor to keep you informed of the progress towards a fix and full
announcement, and may ask for additional information or guidance.

> [!NOTE]  

> > You can find more information about our process in [this guide](https://github.com/expressjs/security-wg/blob/main/docs/handle_security_reports.md)

Author: The link won't work until https://github.com/expressjs/security-wg/pull/56 is merged

of the report is contained within the email body and not solely behind a web
link or an attachment.

A [Security triage team member](https://github.com/expressjs/security-wg#security-triage-team) 
or [the repo captain](https://github.com/expressjs/express/blob/master/Contributing.md#active-projects-and-captains) 
will acknowledge your email within 3 working days, and will send a more detailed 

> response within 3 working days indicating the next steps in handling your report. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
response within 7 working days indicating the next steps in handling your report. 
```

> A [Security triage team member](https://github.com/expressjs/security-wg#security-triage-team) 
> or [the repo captain](https://github.com/expressjs/express/blob/master/Contributing.md#active-projects-and-captains) 
> will acknowledge your email within 3 working days, and will send a more detailed 
> response within 7 working days indicating the next steps in handling your report. 
> After the initial reply to your report, the security team will

Author: ```suggestion
A [Security triage team member](https://github.com/expressjs/security-wg#security-triage-team) 
or [the repo captain](https://github.com/expressjs/express/blob/master/Contributing.md#active-projects-and-captains) 
will acknowledge your email within 5 working days, and will send a more detailed 
response within 7 working days indicating the next steps in handling your report. 
These timelines may extend when our triage 
volunteers are away on holiday, particularly at the end of the year.

After the initial reply to your report, the security team will
```

I like the idea of extending to 5 days for acknowledge and remark that this is run by volunteers. Also the reference to the holidays as suggested by @marco-ippolito

of the report is contained within the email body and not solely behind a web
link or an attachment.

A [Security triage team member](https://github.com/expressjs/security-wg#security-triage-team) 
or [the repo captain](https://github.com/expressjs/express/blob/master/Contributing.md#active-projects-and-captains) 
will acknowledge your email within 5 working days, and will send a more detailed 

> response within 7 working days indicating the next steps in handling your report. 

Reviewer 2: I don't think we should be making promises and/or setting timelines like this.    just say we will acknowledge them as soon as possible.  I also wouldn't promise to send them a details report, etc.

Reviewer 2: we can/should have our own internal guidelines on vulnerability management which can include target timelines, but there's little/no benefit to codifying it in the security policy itself

Author: > we can/should have our own internal guidelines on vulnerability management which can include target timelines

In the oven https://github.com/expressjs/security-wg/pull/56

> but there's little/no benefit to codifying it in the security policy itself

Agree, I will remove it from here and include them only in the other guide/runbook

Author: Updated in 96bb4f6.

> [!NOTE]  
> You can find more information about our process in [this guide](https://github.com/expressjs/security-wg/blob/main/docs/handle_security_reports.md)

### Reporting Security Bugs via GitHub Security Advisory (Preferred)  

The preferred way to report security vulnerabilities is through 
[GitHub Security Advisories](https://github.com/advisories). 
This allows us to collaborate on a fix while maintaining the 
confidentiality of the report.  

To report a vulnerability
([docs](https://docs.github.com/en/code-security/security-advisories/guidance-on-reporting-and-writing-information-about-vulnerabilities/privately-reporting-a-security-vulnerability)):  
1. Visit the **Security** tab of the affected repository on GitHub.  
2. Click **Report a vulnerability** and follow the provided steps.  

This process applies to any repositories within the Express ecosystem. 
If you are unsure whether a repository falls under this policy, 
feel free to reach out via email.  

### Reporting via Email  

> If you prefer, you can also report security issues by emailing `express-security@lists.openjsf.org`.  

Reviewer 3: @UlisesGascon would you like me to add you as a moderator on this mailing list now? Or I guess I could add the whole @expressjs/security-triage team but since it could generate spam it feels like a subset for the first layer is best. I am still on it as a moderator and luckily this one has not generated much spam.

Author: Yes please!

Reviewer 3: I did this yesterday. You should have gotten an email I think. We need to sort out some details though because I think I added you to the email list directly instead of the security triage "committee". I think you have access to this as well right? If not we should get them to add you, then we should sync up to make sure we like how we manage these going forward.
